never really enjoy welcome to another
absolutely frugal filemaker the place
where you can come to cry because you
have any money to your film either
famous opera jealousy yes lately i've
been jealous of the apple iphone
as you know the iphone is a cell phone
slash computer where you can download
lots of cool applications to learn run
them
many of these in the apple iphone are
movie production oriented one of those
are really i'm jealous of his veto
slater's animates late summer's called
isolator movie slate
or whatever but it's basically an
animated video clapper board you can put
information on
hole in front of the lens
and actually uh... run like a clapper
sleeper sink sound i've had a palm
centro there's no such application
who called central
and i was wondering how can i get my
hands on something like that
we're going to buy an ipod touch you
know that there is still costs more
money to sabah application blah blah
blah
i thought i get my phone with basically
do the same thing
so after thinking about a little bit i
found that hey how about a countdown
timer
have a different called big clock and
the contact because the numbers are as
usual
as you can see here in this section of
the old timer is set up
for forty two days
thirteen hours
and thirty-eight minutes when they have
the time of day at the bottom
that i could use the same user
information uh... as slated for mission
this could be seen information here and
take information here so this would be
seen forty two slash thirteen take
thirty eight
so what it takes wispy krueger film
than any other time of day on the bottom
here all this is very handy
antonia dole system so
or sink sound like you just snap my
fingers
like that or clap my hands
for nadia spike
this is the great weighs three purposely
already have and uh... that program
didn't cost me anything
this is true filmmaker who want to come
read our blog for more such information
from two approval maker dot com you can
also find us on twitter face book and
instructables see you next time